README.md, before:

# Basic Setup
Instructions go here.



1.  Install modules.  For each:

	
		python setup.py install


2.  Create large set of morphs using POVray.  This is to create discrete, linear steps along each varying dimension to get from object A to B.
	

		python make_pov_morphs.py --output-path='/path/to/save/dir' --nmorphs=N


3.  Convert to grayscale. This can be done in batch with photoshop, or just run the following MATLAB script:
	

		batch_rgb2gray.m (specify source and output paths)


4.  Resize images, following old stimulus generation pipeline from pnas. Use MATLAB script adapted for morphs:
	

		resize_morphs.m (specify source and output paths)


5.  Sample morphs from step 2 using constraints specified in step 1.


	a.  Use pixel-space to approximately sample equivalent intervals between morphs. This is easily done using the python script and desired option flag:


		python sample_morphs.py --output-path='/path/to/samples' --input-path='/path/to/source/images' --nmorphs=N --method='euclid'


	b.  Use V1-features instead.  This should be done in MATLAB since it uses the hmaxMatlab module.


		sample_V1_features_pcorr.m, or
		samlpe_V1_features_euclid.m (always specify source and output paths)

Commit message:

adding brief description of what this is doing

README.md, after:

Pipeline for generating morph continuum from two stimuli (object A and B). This assumes that objects were created in POVray. It first generates a large set of stimuli that morph from object A to B, using POVray. It then converts to grayscale and rescales so that all stimuli are centered with roughly the same dimensions. Finally, it allows even sampling of morphs from the large set using various methods to define the sampling interval.


# Basic Setup


1.  Install modules.  For each:

	
		python setup.py install


2.  Create large set of morphs using POVray.  This is to create discrete, linear steps along each varying dimension to get from object A to B.
	

		python make_pov_morphs.py --output-path='/path/to/save/dir' --nmorphs=N


3.  Convert to grayscale. This can be done in batch with photoshop, or just run the following MATLAB script:
	

		batch_rgb2gray.m (specify source and output paths)


4.  Resize images, following old stimulus generation pipeline from pnas. Use MATLAB script adapted for morphs:
	

		resize_morphs.m (specify source and output paths)


5.  Sample morphs from step 2 using constraints specified in step 1.


	a.  Use pixel-space to approximately sample equivalent intervals between morphs. This is easily done using the python script and desired option flag:


		python sample_morphs.py --output-path='/path/to/samples' --input-path='/path/to/source/images' --nmorphs=N --method='euclid'


	b.  Use V1-features instead.  This should be done in MATLAB since it uses the hmaxMatlab module.


		sample_V1_features_pcorr.m, or
		samlpe_V1_features_euclid.m (always specify source and output paths)
